README.md, before:

# macos-fullscreenmode-test

## Goal

To be able to react when a screen has been disconnected while an application's view is in full screen mode using [NSView enterFullScreenMode](https://developer.apple.com/reference/appkit/nsview/1483780-enterfullscreenmode).

## Problem

It appears that when a view is in full screen mode, there's no way to get a notification from macOS.

I've tried all three methods I know of:
- [NSApplicationDelegate's applicationDidChangeScreenParameters] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428424-applicationdidchangescreenparame)
- Registering with NotificationCenter for [NSApplicationDidChangeScreenParameters] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/foundation/nsnotification.name/1428749-nsapplicationdidchangescreenpara)
- Core Graphics [CGDisplayRegisterReconfigurationCallback] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/coregraphics/1455336-cgdisplayregisterreconfiguration?language=objc)

And none of them seem to get notifications when a screen disconnects when in full screen mode.

This is probably related to the fact that macOS's System Preferences > Displays cannot change the resolution of any display while a view is in full screen mode.

## Cause

As kinda [documented in CGDisplayCapture](https://developer.apple.com/reference/coregraphics/1456259-cgdisplaycapture#discussion), if a display is captured by Core Graphics, displays cannot have their configurations changed.

## Testing

Run the included application with at least one external screen.

Click the "Enter" button to start full screen mode.

Disconnect a display.  Note:  If you get a black screen, just hit command-Q to quit the application.

## Mitigating

1. Perhaps periodically release the display to allow notifications to present and then recapture?
2. Do views get notifications of parameters changing when in full screen mode?

Commit message:

Adding UPDATES to README
I've opened a case with Apple dev support on this topic, and have also found that the Apple Silicon M1 Mac Mini does receive the desired notifications.

README.md, after:

# macos-fullscreenmode-test

## Goal

To be able to react when a screen has been disconnected while an application's view is in full screen mode using [NSView enterFullScreenMode](https://developer.apple.com/reference/appkit/nsview/1483780-enterfullscreenmode).

## UPDATES

2020-06-26:  I have opened a case with Apple Developer Support and am working through this issue with engineers there but there is no resolution yet.

2020-11-20:  This application *does* get the desired notifications via all three below notification methods on a 2020 M1 Mac Mini running macOS Big Sur 11.0.1 when the display is captured.  Testing on a 2018 Mac Mini running 11.0.1 still does not receive the notifications.  I've updated Apple dev support with this information.

## Problem

It appears that when a view is in full screen mode, there's no way to get a notification from macOS.

I've tried all three methods I know of:
- [NSApplicationDelegate's applicationDidChangeScreenParameters] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/appkit/nsapplicationdelegate/1428424-applicationdidchangescreenparame)
- Registering with NotificationCenter for [NSApplicationDidChangeScreenParameters] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/foundation/nsnotification.name/1428749-nsapplicationdidchangescreenpara)
- Core Graphics [CGDisplayRegisterReconfigurationCallback] (https://developer.apple.com/reference/coregraphics/1455336-cgdisplayregisterreconfiguration?language=objc)

And none of them seem to get notifications when a screen disconnects when in full screen mode.

This is probably related to the fact that macOS's System Preferences > Displays cannot change the resolution of any display while a view is in full screen mode.

## Cause

As kinda [documented in CGDisplayCapture](https://developer.apple.com/reference/coregraphics/1456259-cgdisplaycapture#discussion), if a display is captured by Core Graphics, displays cannot have their configurations changed.

## Testing

Run the included application with at least one external screen.

Click the "Enter" button to start full screen mode.

Disconnect a display.  Note:  If you get a black screen, just hit command-Q to quit the application.

## Mitigating

1. Perhaps periodically release the display to allow notifications to present and then recapture?
2. Do views get notifications of parameters changing when in full screen mode?
